Although he didn't give BOOKS to Sally, he did MAGAZINES.
I visited Sally on Tuesday and Martha on Wednesday.
Visit every prisoner though I may after his lawyer does, it won't matter.
I ate everything you did.
Room 1 wants to have dinner before Room 2 does.
I visited every prisoner after his lawyer did.
John will read the book, and Fred will, too.
John will read the book, and Fred will do, too.
Although I don't know which book Fred will read, I do know Tom will.
Some man will read every book, and some woman will too.
Although he wouldn't put books on the table, he would on the mantle-piece.
Although he wouldn't visit Sally on her birthday, he would do on her anniversary.
Although he wouldn't bake a cake for Sally, he would do for Mary.
Although he didn't visit Martha, he did Sally.
Although I wouldn't give books to Martha, I would magazines to Sally.
Although I didn't try to persuade Sally, I did Martha.
Although he didn't stop visiting Martha, he did Susan.
Although he didn't visit Sally, he did Martha.
John will visit Sally, and Fred will too.
John will visit Sally, and Fred will do it, too.
Although I don’t know who John will visit, I do know who Fred will.
John will visit Sally, and Fred will do too.
Although we don’t know what John read, we do know what Fred did.
John couldn’t read many books, and Bill couldn’t either, but the many books that they could read were classics.
John might die, and Fred might do too.
John might die, and Fred might too.
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might do too.
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might, too.
John might be visited by Sally, and Fred might be, too.
When John has to cook he doesn’t want to, and when he has to clean, he doesn’t either.
When John has to cook, he won’t want to, and when he has to clean he won’t do either.
Although he wouldn’t introduce THOSE PEOPLE to TOM AND SALLY, he would THESE PEOPLE to EACH OTHER.
First fire poured out of the building, and then smoke did.
He will visit Fred, and then I will.
Although he wants me to visit Fred, I don’t want to.
Although he hasn’t tried to kiss Sally, he has Mary.
John visited Sally, but Susan was not.
John was visited by Sally, and Fred did, too.
The lake might freeze, and the river might do as well.
Although he doesn’t seem to eat mussels, he does clams.
Although the river didn’t freeze, the lake did.
Although I don’t know which books you gave Sally, I do know which ones you did Fred.
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will do, too.
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will do so, too.
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will, too.
Some man will read every book and some woman will do, too.
Bart can eat anything that Homer can.
The steak was eaten by Bill, and the fish was, too.
Hazelnuts I like, peanuts I don’t.
I know Maria will come, but will your brother do so?
I don’t know if she’ll come, but she should obviously do so.
I don’t know if she’ll come, but she should, it seems, do so.
I don’t know if she suffers from arthritis; she might do.
I don’t know if it’ll rain today, but it might do.
Morag is a fool, and Rab is, too.
Morag should be on time, and Rab should be, too.
Morag has been late every night this week, and Rab has been, too.
Morag might have been late last night, and Rab might have been, too.
Morag should be fired this week, and Rab should be, too.
Morag has been fired for negligence, and Rab has been, too.
Morag should have been fired for negligence, and Rab should have been, too.
Rab has a copy of Lolita, and Morag has, too.
Rab should have a copy of Lolita, and Morag should have, too.
Rab should arrive on time, and Morag should, too.
Rab has arrived on time, and Morag has, too.
Rab is running late, and Morag is, too.
Rab was expected to arrive at 6pm, and Morag was, too.
Rab is late, and Morag is, too.
Rab has a slow watch, and Morag has, too.
Rab will have arrived by 6pm, and Morag will have, too.
Rab will be running late, and Morag will be, too.
Rab will be expected to arrive on time, and Morag will be, too.
Rab will be late, and Morag will be, too.
Rab has been watching television, and Morag has been, too.
Rab would have been watching television at that time, and Morag would have been, too.
Rab would have been fired for such poor timekeeping, and Morag would have been, too.
Rab would have been a fine candidate, and Morag would have been, too.
Rab would have had a copy of Lolita at home, and Morag would have had, too.
Rab bribed Bill, and Morag did, too.
Rab might bribe Bill, and Morag might do, too.
Rab might have bribed Bill, and Morag might have done, too.
Bob must wash his car every day, and Peter must, too.
Bob must have washed his car every day, and Peter must have, too.
Bob must be late for work, and Peter must be, too.
Bob must have been fired ten times last year, and Peter must have been, too.
Bob must wash his car every day, and Peter must do, too.
Rab might have been fired, and Morag might, too.
Rab should be fired, and Morag should, too.
Rab will be late, and Morag will, too.
Rab might have finished the essay by now, but Morag won't.
Rab might have a copy of Lolita, and Morag might, too.
Rab has been fired, and Morag has, too.
Rab has been an idiot for years, and Morag has, too.
Rab wants to come to the party, and Morag wants to, as well.
Rab expected to be fired, and Morag expected to be, as well.
Mag Wildwood came to ensure that Morag read Fred's book, and I also came to ensure that she did.
Fred used to play with rifles all the time.
That he did infuriated his father.
Ron wanted to wear a tuxedo to the party, but Caspar couldn't decide whether he should.
That story that Lulamae Barnes recounted might not have frightened you, but I know a story that definitely will.
Although I don't know who Rab will invite, I know who Morag will.
I expect Rab to invite lots of drunkards, and I expect Morag to do so, too.
The river will freeze solid, and the lake will, too.
Mary arrived at the last possible moment, and John did so too.
Rab said that I should come, but Morag said I definitely should not.
Rab isn't here, and Morag isn't either.
Children should not eat paint, and adults should not, either.
Ted hoped to vacation in Liberia but his agent recommended that he not.
Rab said I stole the cookies, but I never!
Rab said Morag lied about that but I'm pretty sure that she never.
OK I might have lied about my weight before, but this time I never.
Abby speaks passable Dutch, and Ben does, too.
Rab will bring wine and Morag will beer.
I haven't brought twine but I now realize I should have done.
Rab has left, and Morag has done, too.
Although I don't know which book Fred will read, I do know which book Tom will.
Some man will read every book and some woman will too.
Hazelnuts I like, peanuts I don't.
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might, too.
A man who steals does not incur the same measure of public reprobation which he would have in the past.
Hazelnuts, he won't eat, but almonds he might.
Many men will read five books, and many women will as well.
Many men will read five books, and many women will do as well.
Many men will read five books, and many women will do so as well.
Every boy won't finished the exam, and every girl won't, either.
Every boy won't finished the exam, and every girl won't do so, either.
I put in my pocket all the money I could.
He buys what he can.
It's easy to spend your time regretting that you haven't taken advantage of every opportunity that you should have.
He ate more than he should have done.
He'll eat more than he should do.
The government are acting much more carelessly than they would do if there was an election on the horizon.
