Although he didn't give BOOKS to Sally, he did MAGAZINES.	虽然他没有给莎莉送书，但他送了杂志。
I visited Sally on Tuesday and Martha on Wednesday.	我周二去看望了莎莉，周三去看望了玛莎。
Visit every prisoner though I may after his lawyer does, it won't matter.	探望每一个犯人，虽然我可能在他的律师做了之后，也无所谓了。
I ate everything you did.	我吃了你做的一切。
Room 1 wants to have dinner before Room 2 does.	1号房间想在2号房间之前吃晚饭。
I visited every prisoner after his lawyer did.	我在律师之后拜访了每一个犯人。
John will read the book, and Fred will, too.	约翰会读这本书，弗雷德也会读。
John will read the book, and Fred will do, too.	约翰会读这本书，弗雷德也会读。
Although I don't know which book Fred will read, I do know Tom will.	虽然我不知道弗雷德会读哪本书，但我知道汤姆会读。
Some man will read every book, and some woman will too.	有些男人会读每本书，有些女人也会读。
Although he wouldn't put books on the table, he would on the mantle-piece.	虽然他不会把书放在桌子上，但他会把书放在壁炉上。
Although he wouldn't visit Sally on her birthday, he would do on her anniversary.	虽然他不会在莎莉生日时去看她，但他会在她的周年纪念日去看她。
Although he wouldn't bake a cake for Sally, he would do for Mary.	虽然他不会为莎莉烤蛋糕，但他会为玛丽烤。
Although he didn't visit Martha, he did Sally.	虽然他没有去看望玛莎，但他会去看望莎莉。
Although I wouldn't give books to Martha, I would magazines to Sally.	虽然我不会给玛莎送书，但我会给莎莉送杂志。
Although I didn't try to persuade Sally, I did Martha.	虽然我没有试图劝说莎莉，但我劝说了玛莎。
Although he didn't stop visiting Martha, he did Susan.	尽管他没有停止拜访玛莎，但还是拜访了苏珊。
Although he didn't visit Sally, he did Martha.	虽然他没有拜访莎莉，但他拜访了玛莎。
John will visit Sally, and Fred will too.	约翰会去看望莎莉，弗雷德也会去看望莎莉。
John will visit Sally, and Fred will do it, too.	约翰会去看望莎莉，弗雷德也会这样做。
Although I don’t know who John will visit, I do know who Fred will.	虽然我不知道约翰会去看望谁，但我知道弗雷德会去看望谁。
John will visit Sally, and Fred will do too.	约翰会去看望莎莉，弗雷德也会这样做。
Although we don’t know what John read, we do know what Fred did.	虽然我们不知道约翰读了什么书，但我们知道弗雷德做了什么。
John couldn’t read many books, and Bill couldn’t either, but the many books that they could read were classics.	约翰读不了多少书，比尔也读不了，但他们能读的书都是经典之作。
John might die, and Fred might do too.	约翰可能会死，弗雷德也可能会死。
John might die, and Fred might too.	约翰可能会死，弗雷德也可能会死。
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might do too.	约翰似乎很喜欢这样，而弗雷德也可能这样做。
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might, too.	约翰似乎很喜欢这样，而弗雷德也可能会这样做。
John might be visited by Sally, and Fred might be, too.	约翰可能会被莎莉拜访，而弗雷德也可能会。
When John has to cook he doesn’t want to, and when he has to clean, he doesn’t either.	当约翰要做饭时，他不想做，当他要打扫卫生时，他也不想做。
When John has to cook, he won’t want to, and when he has to clean he won’t do either.	当约翰要做饭的时候，他不想做，当他要打扫的时候，他也不会做。
Although he wouldn’t introduce THOSE PEOPLE to TOM AND SALLY, he would THESE PEOPLE to EACH OTHER.	虽然他不会把这些人介绍给汤姆和莎莉，但他会把这些人介绍给对方。
First fire poured out of the building, and then smoke did.	先是火从楼里涌出，然后烟也涌出。
He will visit Fred, and then I will.	他要去看望弗雷德，然后我再去。
Although he wants me to visit Fred, I don’t want to.	虽然他希望我去看望弗雷德，但我不想去。
Although he hasn’t tried to kiss Sally, he has Mary.	虽然他没有试图亲吻莎莉，但他有玛丽。
John visited Sally, but Susan was not.	约翰拜访了莎莉，但苏珊没有。
John was visited by Sally, and Fred did, too.	约翰去看望了莎莉，弗雷德也去了。
The lake might freeze, and the river might do as well.	湖水可能会结冰，河水也可能会结冰。
Although he doesn’t seem to eat mussels, he does clams.	虽然他好像不吃河蚌，但他吃蛤蜊。
Although the river didn’t freeze, the lake did.	虽然河水没有结冰，但湖水却结冰了。
Although I don’t know which books you gave Sally, I do know which ones you did Fred.	虽然我不知道你给了莎莉哪些书，但我知道你给了弗雷德哪些书。
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will do, too.	泰瑞会吃意大利面，伊尼斯也会吃。
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will do so, too.	泰瑞会吃意大利面，伊妮丝也会这样做。
Terry will eat pasta and Ines will, too.	泰瑞会吃意大利面，伊妮丝也会吃。
Some man will read every book and some woman will do, too.	有些男人会读每一本书，有些女人也会读。
Bart can eat anything that Homer can.	巴特能吃的东西，荷马也能吃。
The steak was eaten by Bill, and the fish was, too.	牛排被比尔吃了，鱼也吃了。
Hazelnuts I like, peanuts I don’t.	榛子我喜欢吃，花生我不喜欢吃。
I know Maria will come, but will your brother do so?	我知道玛丽亚会来，但你哥哥会来吗？
I don’t know if she’ll come, but she should obviously do so.	我不知道她会不会来，但她显然应该这么做。
I don’t know if she’ll come, but she should, it seems, do so.	我不知道她会不会来，但她似乎应该这样做。
I don’t know if she suffers from arthritis; she might do.	我不知道她是否患有关节炎，她可能患有关节炎。
I don’t know if it’ll rain today, but it might do.	我不知道今天会不会下雨，但可能会下雨。
Morag is a fool, and Rab is, too.	莫拉格是个傻瓜，而瑞勃也是。
Morag should be on time, and Rab should be, too.	莫拉格应该是准时的， 而瑞勃也应该是。
Morag has been late every night this week, and Rab has been, too.	莫拉格这个星期每天晚上都迟到， 而瑞勃也是。
Morag might have been late last night, and Rab might have been, too.	莫拉格昨晚可能会迟到， 而瑞勃也可能会。
Morag should be fired this week, and Rab should be, too.	莫拉格这个星期应该被解雇， 而瑞勃也应该被解雇。
Morag has been fired for negligence, and Rab has been, too.	莫拉格因为疏忽而被解雇了， 瑞勃也被解雇了。
Morag should have been fired for negligence, and Rab should have been, too.	莫拉格应该因为疏忽而被解雇， 而瑞勃也应该被解雇。
Rab has a copy of Lolita, and Morag has, too.	瑞勃有一本《洛丽塔》， 而莫拉格也有。
Rab should have a copy of Lolita, and Morag should have, too.	拉布应该有一本《洛丽塔》，莫拉格也应该有。
Rab should arrive on time, and Morag should, too.	拉布应该准时到达，莫拉格也应该准时到达。
Rab has arrived on time, and Morag has, too.	拉布准时到了，莫拉格也准时到了。
Rab is running late, and Morag is, too.	拉布迟到了，莫拉格也是。
Rab was expected to arrive at 6pm, and Morag was, too.	拉布预计在下午6点到达，而莫拉格也是。
Rab is late, and Morag is, too.	拉布迟到了，而莫拉格也是。
Rab has a slow watch, and Morag has, too.	拉布的手表很慢，莫拉格也是。
Rab will have arrived by 6pm, and Morag will have, too.	拉布会在下午6点前到达，莫拉格也是。
Rab will be running late, and Morag will be, too.	拉布会迟到，而莫拉格也会。
Rab will be expected to arrive on time, and Morag will be, too.	拉布会准时到达，而莫拉格也会。
Rab will be late, and Morag will be, too.	拉布会迟到，而莫拉格也会有。
Rab has been watching television, and Morag has been, too.	拉布一直在看电视，而莫拉格也一直在看电视。
Rab would have been watching television at that time, and Morag would have been, too.	拉布会在那个时候看电视，而莫拉格也会。
Rab would have been fired for such poor timekeeping, and Morag would have been, too.	拉布会因为这样糟糕的计时而被解雇，而莫拉格也会被解雇。
Rab would have been a fine candidate, and Morag would have been, too.	拉布会是一个很好的候选人， 而莫拉格也会是。
Rab would have had a copy of Lolita at home, and Morag would have had, too.	瑞勃本来有一本《洛丽塔》在家里， 而莫拉格也会有。
Rab bribed Bill, and Morag did, too.	瑞勃贿赂了比尔， 而莫拉格也贿赂了。
Rab might bribe Bill, and Morag might do, too.	瑞勃可能会贿赂比尔， 而莫拉格也会这样做。
Rab might have bribed Bill, and Morag might have done, too.	拉布可能会贿赂比尔，而莫拉格也可能会这样做。
Bob must wash his car every day, and Peter must, too.	鲍勃必须每天洗他的车，彼得也必须这样做。
Bob must have washed his car every day, and Peter must have, too.	鲍勃必须每天洗他的车， 彼得也必须这样做。
Bob must be late for work, and Peter must be, too.	鲍勃上班一定会迟到，彼得也一定会。
Bob must have been fired ten times last year, and Peter must have been, too.	鲍勃去年一定被炒了十次鱿鱼，彼得一定也是。
Bob must wash his car every day, and Peter must do, too.	鲍勃每天一定要洗车，彼得也一定要洗。
Rab might have been fired, and Morag might, too.	瑞勃可能被解雇了， 莫拉格也可能被解雇了。
Rab should be fired, and Morag should, too.	瑞勃应该被解雇，而莫拉格也应该被解雇。
Rab will be late, and Morag will, too.	拉布会迟到，莫拉格也会。
Rab might have finished the essay by now, but Morag won't.	拉布现在可能已经写完了这篇文章，但莫拉格不会。
Rab might have a copy of Lolita, and Morag might, too.	拉布可能有一本《洛丽塔》，而莫拉格也可能。
Rab has been fired, and Morag has, too.	拉布已经被解雇了，莫拉格也被解雇了。
Rab has been an idiot for years, and Morag has, too.	拉布多年来一直是个白痴， 而莫拉格也是。
Rab wants to come to the party, and Morag wants to, as well.	拉布想来参加聚会，而莫拉格也想来。
Rab expected to be fired, and Morag expected to be, as well.	拉布预计会被解雇，莫拉格预计也会被解雇。
Mag Wildwood came to ensure that Morag read Fred's book, and I also came to ensure that she did.	麦格-怀德伍德来确保莫拉格读了弗雷德的书，我也来确保她读了。
Fred used to play with rifles all the time.	弗雷德过去一直在玩步枪。
That he did infuriated his father.	他这样做让他父亲很生气。
Ron wanted to wear a tuxedo to the party, but Caspar couldn't decide whether he should.	罗恩想穿燕尾服去参加聚会，但卡斯帕无法决定是否应该。
That story that Lulamae Barnes recounted might not have frightened you, but I know a story that definitely will.	卢拉玛-巴恩斯讲述的那个故事也许不会吓到你，但我知道的一个故事一定会吓到你。
Although I don't know who Rab will invite, I know who Morag will.	虽然我不知道拉布会邀请谁，但我知道莫拉格会邀请谁。
I expect Rab to invite lots of drunkards, and I expect Morag to do so, too.	我预计拉布会邀请很多醉鬼，我预计莫拉格也会这样做。
The river will freeze solid, and the lake will, too.	河水会结成冰，湖水也会。
Mary arrived at the last possible moment, and John did so too.	玛丽在最后可能的时刻到了，约翰也到了。
Rab said that I should come, but Morag said I definitely should not.	拉布说我应该来，但莫拉格说我绝对不应该来。
Rab isn't here, and Morag isn't either.	拉布不在，莫拉格也不在。
Children should not eat paint, and adults should not, either.	小孩不应该吃油漆，大人也不应该。
Ted hoped to vacation in Liberia but his agent recommended that he not.	泰德希望去利比里亚度假，但他的经纪人建议他不要去。
Rab said I stole the cookies, but I never!	拉布说我偷了饼干，但我从来没有！
Rab said Morag lied about that but I'm pretty sure that she never.	拉布说莫拉格撒谎了，但我很确定她从来没有。
OK I might have lied about my weight before, but this time I never.	好吧，我以前可能对我的体重撒过谎，但这次我从来没有。
Abby speaks passable Dutch, and Ben does, too.	艾比的荷兰语说得不错， 本也是。
Rab will bring wine and Morag will beer.	拉布会带酒，莫拉格会带啤酒。
I haven't brought twine but I now realize I should have done.	我还没有带麻绳， 但我现在意识到我应该带。
Rab has left, and Morag has done, too.	拉布已经走了，莫拉格也走了。
Although I don't know which book Fred will read, I do know which book Tom will.	虽然我不知道弗雷德会读哪本书， 但我知道汤姆会读哪本书。
Some man will read every book and some woman will too.	有些男人会读每本书，有些女人也会。
Bart can eat more than Homer can.	巴特比荷马能吃的更多。
Hazelnuts I like, peanuts I don't.	榛子我喜欢吃，花生我不喜欢吃。
John might seem to enjoy that, and Fred might, too.	约翰似乎喜欢这样，弗雷德也喜欢。
A man who steals does not incur the same measure of public reprobation which he would have in the past.	一个偷东西的人不会像过去那样受到公众的谴责。
Hazelnuts, he won't eat, but almonds he might.	榛子，他不会吃，但杏仁他可能吃。
Many men will read five books, and many women will as well.	许多男人会读五本书，许多女人也会读。
Many men will read five books, and many women will do as well.	许多男人会读五本书，许多女人也会这样做。
Many men will read five books, and many women will do so as well.	很多男人会读五本书，很多女人也会这样做。
Every boy won't finished the exam, and every girl won't, either.	每个男生都不会考完，每个女生也不会考完。
Every boy won't finished the exam, and every girl won't do so, either.	每个男孩都不会完成考试，每个女孩也不会这样做。
I put in my pocket all the money I could.	我把口袋里所有能用的钱都放进去了。
He buys what he can.	他能买什么就买什么。
It's easy to spend your time regretting that you haven't taken advantage of every opportunity that you should have.	很容易把时间花在后悔上，你没有利用好每一个你应该利用的机会。
He ate more than he should have done.	他吃的比他应该吃的多。
He'll eat more than he should do.	他吃的比他应该做的多。
The government are acting much more carelessly than they would do if there was an election on the horizon.	政府的行为比他们在即将举行选举时所做的要粗心大意得多。
